Spelling (#192)
botpress/docs: learn/get-started/dashboard/bot/analytics.mdx

Follow these steps to track custom events:

1. Place the "Track Event" card found in the "Agents" section of the card tray into a node

> 2. Using the details panel, use a descriptive name for the event to will allow you to keep track of it later. For example, you might track "Successful resolution" or "Unanswered question."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the details panel, use a descriptive name for the event that will allow you to keep track of it later. For example, you might track "Successful resolution" or "Unanswered question."
```
